---
title: 2.0 Beta Update
authors: [dj, team-lumi]
tags: [update, 2-0, beta, luminescent]
---

Hey Everyone! New build of 2.0. Here's what you need to know:

- If you fuck up the install on hardware you'll lose your save. Please back them up.
- Pikatwo (the clone Pikachu) in the last release was bugged, please release it.
- This update breaks our compatibility with our PkHax-Luminescent branch. No ETA on when it will work again.
- After a successful update, please visit a Pokémon Center and heal to update your save. Any bug reports and other help requests that have yet to do this will be ignored.

<!--truncate-->

## LUMINESCENT UPDATE 2.0 BETA

Surprise: this beta includes all regional forms and attached evolutions of gens 1-4 pokemon! Think Sylveon, Alolan Marowak and Mr Rime, but not White Stripe Basculin or Hisuian Braviary. A list of their balance changes, a page of evolution methods, and a chart of their locations will be coming soon. When playing, keep in mind that the special incense items you receive will make no difference during your 2.0 playthrough; it will only matter when the full National Dex Update happens in 3.0. Make your choices with that in mind.

That said, this is not the final form of these pokemon we are implementing. 
- Many have texturing issues that need further adjustment
- You won't be able to see them at all on the evolution screen 
- Certain battle, idle or walking animations simply don't work (but also don't crash)
- Many have "egg" as their party icon
- They don't make sounds
Any bug reports to these effects will be closed without conversation. We figured you guys would want them janky but usable over perfected but waiting a lot longer.

Without further ado, here's the whole lineup of our new friends!

### Other

- 700 Sylveon

### Alola 

- 19-2 Rattata → 20-2 Raticate
- 26-2 Raichu
- 27-2 Sandshrew → 28-2 Sandslash
- 37-2 Vulpix → 38-2 Ninetales
- 50-2 Diglett → 51-2 Dugtrio
- 52-2 Meowth → 53-2 Persian
- 74-2 Geodude → 75-2 Graveler → 76-2 Golem
- 88-2 Grimer → 89-2 Muk
- 103-2 Exeggutor
- 105-2 Marowak

### Galar 

- 52-3 Meowth → 863 Perrserker
- 77-2 Ponyta → 78-2 Rapidash
- 79-2 Slowpoke → 80-2 Slowbro / 199-2 Slowking
- 83-2 Farfetch'd → 865 Sirfetch'd
- 110-2 Weezing
- 122-2 Mr. Mime → 866 Mr. Rime
- 144-2 Articuno
- 145-2 Zapdos
- 146-2 Moltres
- 222-2 Corsola → 864 Cursola
- 263-2 Zigzagoon → 264-2 Linoone → 862 Obstagoon

### Hisui

- 58-2 Growlithe → 59-2 Arcanine
- 100-2 Voltorb → 101-2 Electrode
- 157-2 Typhlosion
- 211-2 Qwilfish ️→ 904 Overqwill
- 215-2 Sneasel → 903 Sneasler
- 899 Wydeer
- 900 Kleavor
- 901 Ursaluna
 
### Form locations and evolution methods:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GTp-J1s9zQ4Pd6n1rMU0_gg0D9lpHR_xKL8nSKbJUxc/

### Form BSTs/types/movesets:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vn9p53I8O6Br37bvZwLoChlLaVLkUhy447cSlIMTfyA/ 
(Also, between you and me... it looks like there's someone new in the Trainer School. Wonder what happens if you talk to him a few times?)